IfcImpactProtectionDevice Rail Import BIMQ 2021-07-21T07:04:00.2675719Z (#168)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Sections/Domain specific data schemas/Schemas/IfcRailDomain/PropertySets/Pset_ImpactProtectionDeviceTypeBumper/Documentation.md

> Properties of Bumper used in railway. The property set can be used by the IfcImpactProtectionDevice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Properties common to a Bumper used in railways. This property set is associated with the predefined type _BUMPER_ of _IfcImpactProtectionDevice_
```
